{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 WW8Num1z0;}
{\*\cs16\snext16 WW8Num1z1;}
{\*\cs17\snext17 WW8Num1z2;}
{\*\cs18\snext18 WW8Num1z3;}
{\*\cs19\snext19 WW8Num1z4;}
{\*\cs20\snext20 WW8Num1z5;}
{\*\cs21\snext21 WW8Num1z6;}
{\*\cs22\snext22 WW8Num1z7;}
{\*\cs23\snext23 WW8Num1z8;}
{\*\cs24\snext24 WW8Num2z0;}
{\*\cs25\snext25 WW8Num2z1;}
{\*\cs26\snext26 WW8Num2z2;}
{\*\cs27\snext27 WW8Num2z3;}
{\*\cs28\snext28 WW8Num2z4;}
{\*\cs29\snext29 WW8Num2z5;}
{\*\cs30\snext30 WW8Num2z6;}
{\*\cs31\snext31 WW8Num2z7;}
{\*\cs32\snext32 WW8Num2z8;}
{\*\cs33\snext33 Numbering Symbols;}
{\s34\sbasedon0\snext35\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs28\lang1081\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s35\sbasedon0\snext35\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Text body;}
{\s36\sbasedon35\snext36\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s37\sbasedon0\snext37\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\cf0\i\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\ai\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s38\sbasedon0\snext38\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\noline\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1080}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1800}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2520}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li3240}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li3600}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-432\li432}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-576\li576}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-720\li720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-864\li864}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1008\li1008}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1152\li1152}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1296\li1296}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1440\li1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1584\li1584}\listid2}
}{\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\author Duncan Horst}{\creatim\yr2019\mo5\dy25\hr15\min3}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern41100}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse195\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 First Page;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Sol System Common Knowledge, Corresponding to Accompanying Map}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
[Non-diegetic text will be provided in brackets] }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  1.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Heosphoros: A tiny rock world with no inhabitants. Unbearably hot due to its proximity to the sun, several attempts to mine it have been made.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  2.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ardina: One the most populated worlds in the system, and home to the most diverse kinds of life. Due to its abundance of natural magic, the residents of Ardina are more likely to be able to manipulate or be sensitive to magic than other peoples. Because of their heavy use of magic, however, their technological progress has been behind the rest of the Sol System. Popular destinations include Arvad in the country of Lychaea, Ametair in the Jekk Confederation, and Fulgonivista on the Ossaran Valdocrats. [This world will serve as a setting to integrate technology into classic fantasy, if that interests anyone.]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  3.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Trondheim: The ancestral home of giants. They have few ships, claiming little need for them. The gravity of the world makes it uncomfortable for smaller species. Caution is recommended for travelers as there are reports of undisclosed political unrest ongoing on Trondheim.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  4.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hedante: A brown dwarf, Hedante only just failed to become a star itself. As such, it gives off a small amount of light and heat to the dozens (if not hundreds) of moons trapped in its gravity. Many moons are habitable, though most are unmapped. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  5.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Carchedon: Classified a ribbon world, Carchedon has a fixed rotation with the sun: the same side of the planet always faces the sun, bathing it in harmful radiation, and the same side always faces away, shrouding it in endless night and cold. The only inhabitable area is a 400 mile wide \'93ribbon\'94 around the equator where conditions are tolerable. Most of the technological advances of the last 300 years have come from Carchedon up until recently. Popular destinations include Emerald Run, Karnak, and De Kanna. [This is our Blade Runner/Cyberpunk location. Everyone is stacked on top of each other, very grim techno future. You'll love it.]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  6.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Taias Kine: On the surface, Taias Kine appears to be a sphere of featureless ice. Break the surface, however, and you find a thriving world of underwater environments and peoples. Due to their living arrangements, they have not yet discovered a way to travel en masse out into space; only a handful of native species can leave the seas of their home and breathe air to travel and trade. They rely mostly on interested trading partners to come to them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  7.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Jahaddi: The only planet past The Ring [asteroid belt] to have been explored yet. Little more than a large asteroid itself, Jahaddi has a toxic atmosphere that is consistently being added to by vents and cracks on its surface, indicative of some chemical reaction ongoing at its core. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  8.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The Debris Field \'96 A popular spot for both mining and piracy, The Debris Field is just that, a large field of debris in space. Though most of the debris is mineral in nature, up to 3% is technological. The prevailing theory is that it is the remains of a planet, though a small one, that was destroyed by means yet unknown. The field was present when the first exploratory shuttles left Carchedon to map the Sol System.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  9.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Station Zetwal \'96 Recently, the most brilliant scientific minds have been invited to move their research to a state-of-the-art facility on station Zetwal, under the oversight of Josiah Lourdes of LBL Incorporated. He claims his vision is to push the boundaries of science and that it benefits have as many inspiring minds in the same place as possible. Much of the rest of the station is dedicated to machining and fabrication of the patents that come from the research facility, which are used throughout the system.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  10.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Station Heylayl \'96 If you want it, somebody on Heylayl has it. While some might find Heylayl debauched, the citizens of the station consider themselves honest and unrestrained. Gambling, intoxicants, and recreations that can't }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
legally}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 be found anywhere else in the system are their main draw. A strong hand from Jessica Brynn of LBL Incorporated is the only thing keeping the station from sliding into total chaos. [Affectionately named Space Vegas by the last players]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  11.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Station Kintana \'96 Home to one of the fastest growing fleets in the system, Kintana is where most of the new exploration initiatives embark from. Desmond Luther of LBL Incorporated, who runs this station, makes contracts with wealthy individuals or governments to stake claims on extra terrestrial territory and defend it before someone else has the opportunity.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\listtext\pard\plain  12.\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The Monument \'96 There are as many names for it as there are theories as to what it is: Titan's Reckoning, an ark for monsters; The Forge, a place where the Gods lived when building the world; The Freezing Engine, a doomsday machine to end all time and space. None can say for sure, all they know is that it's old, seemingly made with materials and technology beyond our current abilities, and it showed up in our solar system very suddenly 15 years ago. [This is where you're starting. Good luck getting out alive.]}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }